Add Identity Rebased Docs (#4714)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/iota-identity/explanations/authenticated-assets.mdx

---

> title: Authenticated Asset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Authenticated Assets
```

description: A configurable asset that keeps track of its origin and owner.
image: /img/identity/icon.png
tags:
  - explanation
  - getting-started
  - move
  - identity
---

> # Authenticated Asset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Authenticated Assets
```

Storing data on-chain automatically enriches it with all the security guarantees inherent to DLTs and is therefore
a widely used practice - especially for data that requires to be persisted indefinitely and that has a small footprint,

> e.g. revocation lists, or proof of inclusions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
e.g., revocation lists or proof of inclusions.
```

In order to store data on an IOTA network, said data must be encapsulated within a _Move_ object with the _store_ ability.
This operation can become quite tedious as it requires to model an object that holds the data even for data types that does not 

> require to be stored in a human-readable or accessible manner, e.g. raw bytes, strings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
require to be stored in a human-readable or accessible manner, such as raw bytes or strings.
```

> In the aim of solving this issue, we introduce a new configurable object type `AuthenticatedAsset`, that can store arbitrary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the aim of solving this issue, we introduce a new configurable object type `AuthenticatedAsset`, that can store arbitrary
```

> In the aim of solving this issue, we introduce a new configurable object type `AuthenticatedAsset`, that can store arbitrary
> data whilst keeping track of the address that created it and the address that owns it. After data is wrapped in an
> `AuthenticatedAsset` it is persisted on-chain and can be referenced through `AuthenticatedAsset`'s ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To solve this issue, we introduce a new configurable object type, `AuthenticatedAsset, ' that can store arbitrary
data while keeping track of the address that created it and the address that owns it. After data is wrapped in an
`AuthenticatedAsset`, it is persisted on-chain and can be referenced through `AuthenticatedAsset`'s ID.
```

> ## Authenticated Asset configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Authenticated Asset Configuration
```

`AuthenticatedAsset` is a configurable data container. Upon its creation, users can configure it to make it: **mutable**,
**deletable**, and **tradable**.

:::info
By default an `AuthenticatedAsset` is immutable, non-tradable, and impossible to delete.
:::

`AuthenticatedAsset`'s configuration allows it to be a good fit for different use cases. For instance, when storing revocation
lists we want to be able to update it, hence we need `AuthenticatedAsset` to be mutable, but at the same time we need to make
sure its content is never deleted and always accessible. 
On the other hand, when storing proof of inclusions, we want them to be immutable.

> ## Authenticated Asset origin and ownership

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Authenticated Asset Origin and Ownership
```

When storing data on an IOTA network, the owner of said data as well as the address that created it, could be easily be

> retrieved by off-chain actors through the network indexer. This information though is not accessible on-chain unless made it
> explicit within the object that wraps the data. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
retrieved by off-chain actors through the network indexer. However, this information is not accessible on-chain unless made it is
explicit within the object that wraps the data. 
```
